README.md, before:

## This project follows the Angular Fundamentals course on Pluralsight by Jim Cooper & Joe Eames.

To run HTTP parts of program:

1.)  open 2 different terminal windows

2.)  npm run server   -on first window (runs: node node_modules/ngf-server/server.js )

3.)  npm start        -on second window (runs: ng serve -o --proxy-config proxy.conf.json )


# NgFundamentals

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Added alternate way to serve page

README.md, after:

## This project follows the Angular Fundamentals course on Pluralsight by Jim Cooper & Joe Eames.

To run HTTP parts of program:

1.)  open 2 different terminal windows

2.)  npm run server   -on first window (runs: node node_modules/ngf-server/server.js )

3.)  npm start        -on second window (runs: ng serve -o --proxy-config proxy.conf.json )

OR

Using the backend server provided by the course creators we can serve the data and the web page:

1.) open a terminal window

2.) npm run server

3.) open a browser to: localhost:8808 (project must be in C:\Users\bschroeder\Documents\Visual Studio Code\Projects\ng-fundamentals\dist)


# NgFundamentals

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
